If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
An Asian neo-realist treasure .
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
More trifle than triumph .
ending .
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
Smothered by its own solemnity .
Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
Fun and nimble .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
It 's a masterpeice .
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
The film is one of the year 's best .
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
Amazingly lame .
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
Black-and-white and unrealistic .
Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
Or else a doggie winks .
It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
A gem of a movie .
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .
Lurid and less than lucid work .
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
Collapses under its own meager weight .
-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
Enough said , except : Film overboard !
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
Does n't add up to much .
-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .
`` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
Wait for it to hit cable .
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
It does give you a peek .
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
Is it a comedy ?
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
Witless and utterly pointless .
Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
Meandering and confusing .
Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
God is great , the movie 's not .
A bit too eager to please .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .
Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
And it is .
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
Absolutely not .
Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
It gets old quickly .
Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
Consider this review life-affirming .
Polished , well-structured film .
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
If there ai n't none , you have a problem .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer
It must be in the genes .
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
An ugly , revolting movie .
But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
Lazy , miserable and smug .
There 's already been too many of these films ...
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
An excellent sequel .
You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .
Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
A chick flick for guys .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
Exciting documentary .
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .
The film oozes craft .
This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
... Watching it was painful .
Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
Simplistic , silly and tedious .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
Paul Bettany is cool .
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
Bad company .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
Reyes ' word processor .
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
`` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
Eh .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
Mildly amusing .
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
Disgusting .
If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
The script is smart , not cloying .
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
Decent but dull .
If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
As pedestrian as they come .
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
It 's funny .
-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
A winning and wildly fascinating work .
A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
-LRB- A -RRB- mess .
They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
The acting is n't much better .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
Go back to sleep .
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
Two-bit potboiler .
A drama ?
It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .
The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
A creaky staircase gothic .
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
What I saw , I enjoyed .
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
A glorious mess .
I have n't laughed that hard in years !
As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .
At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
Duvall is strong as always .
For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
Aggravating and tedious .
Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
A well-executed spy-thriller .
A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
Melodrama with a message .
Everything is off .
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
Familiar but utterly delightful .
A genuine mind-bender .
Very stupid and annoying .
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
Spare yet audacious ...
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
Extremely bad .
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
Two hours of junk .
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
One of the worst films of 2002 .
It still feels like a prison stretch .
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
And a very rainy day .
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
It 's 51 times better than this .
It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
Got a David Lynch jones ?
The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
A true-blue delight .
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
Meant for Star Wars fans .
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
A brutal and funny work .
Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
If you love him , you 'll like it .
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
Not just unlikable .
The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
... a confusing drudgery .
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .
confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
But it was n't .
Compellingly watchable .
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
Britney 's performance can not be faulted .
The worst film of the year .
While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
Too much power , not enough puff .
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .
... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .
Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
These characters become wearisome .
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
So-so entertainment .
It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
It 's quite diverting nonsense .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
... unbearably lame .
That is because - damn it !
Frank Capra played this story straight .
You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .
This is n't a new idea .
A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ...
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .
What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
Cool .
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .
It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
An extraordinary dramatic experience .
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
Technically and artistically inept .
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
Been there done that .
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
Well-made but mush-hearted .
` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
There is so much plodding sensitivity .
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
Mild , meandering teen flick .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
The movie is a mess from start to finish .
George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
It 's just not very smart .
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
Painfully padded .
Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
Sparse but oddly compelling .
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
echo of allusions to other films .
What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
Harmless fun .
A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
Unwieldy contraption .
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
A film of quiet power .
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
Shallow .
Disturbing .
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
Too predictably , in fact .
Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
A chiller resolutely without chills .
Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
... the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
For dance completists only .
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
Gloriously straight from the vagina .
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
Nor is it a romantic comedy .
A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
It never is , not fully .
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
Slight but enjoyable documentary .
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
Deliciously slow .
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
at this nonsensical story
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
Manages to delight without much of a story .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
Adaptation is simply brilliant .
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
Uneven but a lot of fun .
Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
An impeccable study in perversity .
Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
Less than fresh .
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
is a mess .
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
A film that will enthrall the whole family .
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
Bearable .
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
Stale , futile scenario .
Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
Merci pour le movie .
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
I will be .
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
Especially give credit to Affleck .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
Arnold !
When the violence actually shocked ?
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
It 's always enthralling .
Consistently clever and suspenseful .
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
A dreary indulgence .
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
Norton is magnetic as Graham .
While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
All mood and no movie .
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
Arty gay film .
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .
With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
Exciting and well-paced .
Press the delete key .
Just like Igby .
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
Silly , loud and goofy .
Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
Changing Lanes tries for more .
An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
Generic thriller junk .
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
Simone is not a bad film .
... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
Hard to resist .
... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
Make no mistake , ivans xtc .
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
Leigh makes these lives count .
Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
A `` black Austin Powers ? ''
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
Strange and beautiful film .
Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
If only it had the story to match .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
Makes one thing abundantly clear .
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .
As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
Rewarding .
Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
And for many of us , that 's good enough .
Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
A riveting story well told .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
Or for the year , for that matter .
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
It 's one long bore .
Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
His work with actors is particularly impressive .
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .
Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
underventilated
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .
But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
But no. .
Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
I ca n't recommend it .
Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
I wanted more .
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
An enthralling , entertaining feature .
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
This is a film living far too much in its own head .
It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
After Collateral Damage
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
But something seems to be missing .
While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
Below is well below expectations .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
but ` Why ? '
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
Insanely hilarious !
A moving and important film .
Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
-LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
And for all the wrong reasons besides .
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
You could hate it for the same reason .
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?
A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
Cynics need not apply . '
The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
I like it .
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
It 's just merely very bad .
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .
It should have stayed there .
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
There is greatness here .
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
Degenerates into hogwash .
She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
You do n't want to call the cops .
You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
insightfully written , delicately performed
Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
Stress ` dumb . '
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
Family fare .
It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
True Hollywood Story .
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
Never comes together as a coherent whole .
A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
No laughs .
Malcolm McDowell is cool .
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
An infuriating film .
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
And educational !
The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
What 's next ?
It 's Splash without the jokes .
It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
It 's still terrible !
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
Strange it is , but delightfully so .
Thin period piece .
Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
He 's worked too hard on this movie .
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
Where 's the movie here ?
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
Can you bear the laughter ?
In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
But this is Lohman 's film .
From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
This u-boat does n't have a captain .
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
Slap her - she 's not funny !
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
A flawed but engrossing thriller .
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
To the degree that ivans xtc .
The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .
From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
`` Juwanna Mann ? ''
Who are ` they ' ?
Alas , another breathless movie about same !
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
Really dumb but occasionally really funny .
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
than ` Magnifique ' .
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .
As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
brought to life on the big screen .
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
Who knew ...
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
Their work is fantastic .
Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
A Lifetime movie about men .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
But the actors make this worth a peek .
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
A beautifully observed character piece .
Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
Something must have been lost in the translation .
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
-LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
Sexy and romantic .
This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
It labours as storytelling .
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
But it 's surprisingly harmless .
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
Poetry in motion captured on film .
The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
Cinematic poo .
Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
And that makes all the difference .
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
Wow , a jump cut !
As saccharine as it is disposable .
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
Fantastic !
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
This is just lazy writing .
Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
It 's drab .
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
A complete waste of time .
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
It is a likable story , told with competence .
Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
A witty , whimsical feature debut .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
A stirring road movie .
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
The film has a childlike quality about it .
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
The performances are uniformly good .
The characters never change .
As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
Everyone 's to blame here .
So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
We get the comedy we settle for .
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
Where the film falters is in its tone .
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .
Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
the filmmakers could dredge up
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
Far away .
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
Bravado Kathy !
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
A dazzling dream of a documentary .
Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .
A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .
Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
A cockeyed shot all the way .
And that is where Ararat went astray .
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
Feral and uncomfortable .
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
Opera on film is never satisfactory .
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
Nice piece of work .
Low comedy does n't come much lower .
The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
I still want my money back .
What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
A puzzling experience .
With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .
Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
He 's not good with people .
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
Draggin ' about dragons
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
Show me the mugging .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
Banal and predictable .
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
It was a dark and stormy night ...
Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
Works as pretty contagious fun .
The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .
The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
Just plain bad .
But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
Flat , misguided comedy .
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
more precious than perspicacious
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
The trailer is a riot .
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
An often unfunny romp .
Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
You 'll cry for your money back .
Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .
The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
A funny film .
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
No. .
while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
, Skins has its heart in the right place
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
The chocolate factory without Charlie .
That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
A very pretty after-school special .
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
Enigma lacks it .
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
Throw Smoochy from the train !
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
into Scrooge .
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
This is a truly , truly bad movie .
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .
... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .
... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
All in all , a great party .
A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .
Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
A slick , engrossing melodrama .
Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
Has its share of arresting images .
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
Best indie of the year , so far .
The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
Yet the act is still charming here .
At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
Oh , James !
Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
Very well-written and very well-acted .
Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
This movie is to be cherished .
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
A sentimental mess that never rings true .
Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
An ambitious ` what if ? '
I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
Leaks treacle from every pore .
The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
Anemic , pretentious .
... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
A riveting documentary .
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
Spiderman ROCKS
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
OK arthouse .
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
The thing just never gets off the ground .
One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
Oh , and more entertaining , too .
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
Nothing about this movie works .
The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
But here 's a movie about it anyway .
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
Consider it ` perfection . '
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
` This movie sucks . '
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
-LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
Daring and beautifully made .
Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
... silly humbuggery ...
Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
It 's not original enough .
-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
I 'll go out on a limb .
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
Terminally brain dead production .
a stereotype
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
Odd and weird .
Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
Acting can not be acted .
A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
Let 's hope not .
While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
into How Long Is This Movie ?
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
May puzzle his most ardent fans .
Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
They cheapen the overall effect .
A tone poem of transgression .
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
Um , no. .
Pray has really done his subject justice .
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
Yes .
There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
`` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
It 's that good .
One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
The comedy is nonexistent .
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
Seems like someone going through the motions .
Dense , exhilarating documentary .
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
Poignant and funny .
Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
often surprising twists and
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
He drags it back , single-handed .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .
... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
In an ART FILM !
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
A non-mystery mystery .
The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
One lousy movie .
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
Moving and vibrant .
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
Full of surprises .
At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
A compelling film .
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
`` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
If you do n't laugh , flee .
Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
Funny and touching .
This story still seems timely and important .
Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''
More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
Slap me , I saw this movie .
Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
The story itself is actually quite vapid .
For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
and `` They 're coming ! ''
Brisk hack job .
A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
No , even that 's too committed .
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
But here 's a glimpse at his life .
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
If you go , pack your knitting needles .
Feels untidily honest .
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
A romance ?
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
`` What really happened ? ''
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
An extraordinarily silly thriller .
Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
a joyous occasion
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
The performances are an absolute joy .
But not a whit more .
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
Same guy with both hats .
The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
See it for his performance if nothing else .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
Never once predictable .
With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
Too bad none of it is funny .
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
Witless but watchable .
Has a solid emotional impact .
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
Wishy-washy .
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
A sense of real magic , perhaps .
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
What results is the best performance from either in years .
Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
`` It 's all about the image . ''
If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
, `` They 're out there ! ''
Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
A film that loses sight of its own story .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
Bang !
A wonderful , ghastly film .
By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
A modest masterpiece .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
It is there to give them a good time .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
A mimetic approximation of better films
Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
Was I scared ?
Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
... a solid , well-formed satire .
That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .
The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
Sa da TAY !
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
Too clever by about nine-tenths .
Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
`` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
More of a career curio than a major work .
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
The camera twirls !
What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
A taut , sobering film .
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
The crap continues .
There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
A lovely film for the holiday season .
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !
It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
Gets the look and the period trappings right
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
So could young romantics out on a date .
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
A charming but slight comedy .
Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '
Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
This is amusing for about three minutes .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
There 's no energy .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
I survived .
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
Shrewd but pointless .
Debate it .
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
Fluffy and disposible .
It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
Does n't really add up to much .
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
A very charming and funny movie .
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
Wewannour money back , actually .
It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
Very predictable but still entertaining
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .
A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
Renner ?
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
And yet , it still works .
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
-LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .
Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
A surprisingly funny movie .
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
preachy and
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
The film is full of charm .
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
A thought-provoking picture .
` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
The best film of the year 2002 .
It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
Reassuring , retro uplifter .
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
Sluggish , tonally uneven .
Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
You 'll probably love it .
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
You have no affinity for most of the characters .
In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
A timid , soggy near miss .
Originality is sorely lacking .
If only it were , well , funnier .
Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .
Who cares ? -RRB- .
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
The movie is without intent .
Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
Buy popcorn .
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
Is truth stranger than fiction ?
The movie is a dud .
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
Amazing !
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
The film is flat .
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
You 'll end up moved .
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
The Master of Disguise is awful .
Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
Now he makes them .
Be patient with the lovely Hush !
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .
Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
A moving , if uneven , success .
Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
An awful snooze .
If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
Here 's my advice , Kev .
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
Beware the quirky Brit-com .
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .
An enjoyable experience .
... really horrible drek .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
Surprisingly powerful and universal .
As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
Beautifully produced .
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
A major waste ... generic .
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
It is quite a vision .
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
But it 's worth the concentration .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
A big fat pain .
A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
Lightweight but appealing .
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,
B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
Quietly engaging .
Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .
Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .
The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
Visually captivating .
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .
The film has several strong performances .
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
`` On Guard ! ''
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
Earnest but heavy-handed .
Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
Upper Teens may get cynical .
Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
Teens only .
There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
Wow .
This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .
But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
Obvious .
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .